Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
We're so thankful for his presence already here. I feel him, I feel the glory in the house, and I'm so grateful for every single one of you that have come out tonight to pray with us.
In just a couple of minutes, we already have almost 1,500 people here, and I'm just so grateful for every single one of you that come out and take prayer seriously.
We have a lot of work to do, so we'll get right to it. I want to go over some of the things that the Lord showed us over the last prayer time we had.
Over the last couple of videos, some of the things that we have seen by the leading of the Holy Spirit are in the news now.
I want to give all glory and honor to Jesus that I have a treasure in an earthen vessel, that the excellency of the power is known of him and not of me.
I want to tell you all immediately, everything that we see, everything we do, we give all to the glory of God.
It's all his glory—none of me and all of him. And so I'm excited when we see what we've been praying for, and it's in the news today.
I said, 'We don't pray the news; we pray for what's coming in the news.'We are the news, and people will come here to get the news first.
I believe in being prophetic and accurate and not being flaky in these last days.
If I miss it, I'll be the first one to tell you; I'm just human.
We all have missed it and we all try our best to be accurate. But you know what? We're flesh.
That pipe sometimes gets a little cocky, and we have to make sure that we keep our thermostat right so that we don't lead people astray.
My heart is always to do right. I want to tell you thank you for being here, and thank you for trusting us to pray with us and to do things we're doing.
It's all Jesus. So, let's go over some of the news real quick. We'll talk about it and see what we found.
Braden said, 'Dad, did you see what happened today in the news concerning NASA?'NASA?
How many of y'all? Go ahead and play the clip of what the Lord showed us. Do you have that ready? Yes.
I want you just to play some of the things the Lord showed us about the moon.
Excuse me. This was on December the 2nd of last year. Go ahead.
'I hear them say they're going to go to the moon. They want to go to the moon.
There's a base on the moon. I kid you not. I see a structure. I see a structure.
How is that even possible? Is that it, Lord? What am I seeing on this space race?
Space race? Yes. Space race.'Okay, so in the space race, I saw a thing on the moon's surface.
It looked like a dome with lights on it. Now, I don't know what I was looking at, but it looked like box windows of some kind of light.
They had made some kind of base—trying to make a base to escape the earth, to get away from all the drama going down here and go to the moon.
I saw a base that looked like pods. They looked like little places, but people were trying to fly up there to stay on the moon. I was like, 'What is this?'So, a new space race.
And I saw—which, if it was legitimate the first time, I don't understand why this would be such a big deal the second time—but it was a space race to get to the moon again with actual astronauts landing on the moon.
I saw actual stuff happening with that. A real something. I thought that was interesting because these spaceships were different.
I was like, 'What is going on with this?'In the vision, I could see that it was so clear. I saw the space race.
Next, I see technological advancements, and it will be shock and awe and the uncovering of the technological advancements that the United States possesses.
Some will say it looks like alien technology. Even in the days ahead, there will be even greater things because of quantum computing.
There's a breakthrough concerning fuel—a breakthrough for a fuel with water.
The splitting of what you would consider an atom. Endless energy, I hear the Lord say, is coming—greater than petrol. The blue light.
It's by mathematical equations that they're going to achieve this new energy that is greater than the splitting of an atom, like nuclear.
It's greater than nuclear. And it will be in jets—clean energy.
I hear clean energy better than fossil fuels is coming with the splitting of new energy.
They're about to harness it. They're about to harness this new blue energy.
And when it does, it spins with bubbles with great electricity.
It looks like pulses. That is blue light and it's split. I see the bubbles in it in a laboratory with water all around it.
The mathematical equation is even greater than what they've had before.
You know, they say hydrogen fusion, this hydrogen molecule, a hydrogen engine. It is something greater for jets.
And they're trying to say, 'Well, we'll use it for...'I hear it's Elon for going to Mars for long, sustainable energy.
Remember I told you a new space race is coming, and I said don't try to do things on the moon. And it's going to be like I saw—and I told you, I saw the base.
It was in the picture, and I saw they're going to try to do things on the moon with this new technology.
It's a blue energy and it's better than nuclear. Okay. So then we hear what happened today. Do you have the video? Yeah. Go ahead and play.
'We're going to hit pause on the gateway, which was a space station designed to orbit above the moon.
Right. You don't want to orbit above the moon. We want to be on the moon.
We want to build the base. We want to interact with the regolith. We want to do in-situ resource manufacturing.
We want to test out mobility on the surface to power communications.
We want to build President Trump's moon base that he called for in the national space policy.
We have the resources to do this. We have a lot of resources at NASA.
We just need to move them in the needle-moving direction.'So they admitted it today.
Isn't that amazing? The things we see in the spirit, they're talking about doing them now.
And today they announced it. 'We want to build a moon base. We want to do all these things.
We don't want to just orbit the moon; we want to build something on the moon.'And I said they're going to do it.
I've seen it. I know how they do it. I watched how they do it. And so there's more clips here.
'First, in the future, we will build the moon base in three phases.
Phase one endeavors to support industry by moving from infrequent, bespoke efforts to a templated approach that will generate significant learning.
Through experimentation, we will dramatically expand lunar landings through the CLPS and the LTV program, delivering rovers, instruments, and technology payloads that test mobility and power systems, such as working with international partners and industry on the production of RTGs and RHUs, communications, navigation, surface operations, and all the science payload that can be incorporated.
Phase two transitions from experimentation to semi-habitable infrastructure and routine logistics, with the aim of supporting regular astronaut operations on the surface.
It's at this point we anticipate seeing the significant contributions from our great partners like JAXA's pressurized rover.
Phase three takes advantage of the affordable mass-to-surface capabilities that cargo HLS will inevitably provide in the years ahead and enables the permanent infrastructure necessary to sustain a human presence, such as Italy's proposed habitation module.
The moon base will not appear overnight. We will invest approximately $20 billion over the next seven years and build it through dozens of missions, working together with commercial and international partners towards a deliberate and achievable plan.
Just as there was Mercury and Gemini before Apollo, there will be an evolutionary path to building humanity's first permanent surface outpost beyond Earth, and we will take the world along with us as they follow along on the NASA moon base website and watch the assembly through lunar relay and observation satellites.'When the Lord tells us before the world gets to hear it, it's all to his glory.
Isn't that neat? I said, 'Lord, you're talking to us, and we're hearing it over the course of the last eight or nine months or a year.'And it's accurate, what the Lord is showing us.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, that's kind of scary. Why are they doing all that?'Because the end is coming.
You all have to understand. They see something. I told you I saw an asteroid coming.
I saw them in meetings. The Lord allowed me to go to these meetings.
I hear what they're saying. There is an object that is approaching Earth.
And the Lord showed me mathematical equations all on this table.
And he said their mathematical equations are wrong; it will hit Earth. It's in my word. It will not be avoided.
But this object that they know is coming, they're trying to prepare, saying, 'The odds are in our favor.
The odds are in our favor. It will not touch Earth.'They're wrong. It will. The Lord said this and he said, 'It's in my word.
It's called Wormwood.'And many people do not realize the signs of the times.
In the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, it's all around us. I try to warn you all the time.
I said, 'Lord, all the things that we talk about, everything in the accuracy of what we see...'We all see in part.
And I believe that everybody has the ability, if you're a born-again Christian, to hear the voice of God for yourself.
You don't need us. You just need the Holy Spirit, and you already have him.
If you recognize him and invite him into your house, if you invite him into your temple...
You know what his address is like? You have an address to your home. His address is your name. It's you. His address is you.
He dwells on the inside of you, and most people don't even give him the time of day to even say, 'Welcome, Holy Spirit.
How are you doing? How's your day? Let's be friends. Let's talk things. Show me the secret things.
Show me the mysteries that no one else knows.'And if you treat him like a friend and not like some far-out religious object, he is an ever-present help in a time of need.
But there are so many people that don't allow the Holy Spirit to invade them.
You should allow him to take you over and say, 'Hey, I yield myself to you. I want you to become more real to me.
I want to be wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.'And what people don't realize is he's a gentleman.
He'll never force his way in on you. If he's knocking on your heart, he doesn't just shove the door open.
He wants you to invite him. Day by day, just like I would go to somebody's house, I would knock on their door.
Even if it was the second day and I was there the night before, you always knock.
You're a gentleman. You don't just barge into their house. You knock and say, 'Hey, I'm here.'And that's the way he is.
'Hey, I'm here. Will you allow me to lead you? Will you allow me to fill you?'Like that guy says, 'Fill my cup, Lord.'Why do I sing that song so much?
'Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord.'It's because we leak out.
And the more we leak out, the more we have all this trash around us and the dark's getting darker, the more we have to remain filled.
It's like my friend Billy Burke says, 'You let your full fight for you.'You have to let your full fight for you.
If you're empty, you're not going to be able to resist the devil like you should.
You must be filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days. So I just encourage you even more so to remain full.
You don't need a YouTube channel to help you in your relationship with God.
I might encourage you and we pray together, for many hands make light work, but you need to have an intimate relationship with God by yourself and you must find him.
You're running out of time. It's time to stop playing church.
Jesus Christ is coming. He's standing at the door. I'm telling you, I've seen vision after vision of him.
He's coming, ladies and gentlemen. This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Everything we know is about to accelerate at an even greater scale.
As of April 1st, the Lord said, when Passover comes, the birthing pains will now double, even greater than what they were from Rosh Hashanah on the 23rd.
It was six months, and he said this is another window and another acceleration of things is about to take place.
But it won't just be with wars and rumors of wars. In Matthew 24, it talks about wars, earthquakes in divers places, plagues, and pestilence.
But these are the beginning of sorrows. I want you to see what happened again today.
I told you, we're about to see major asteroids all throughout the Earth.
Things are going to be freaking people out because of fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm taking My hand off of certain things to shake the earth because they're asleep.
They're not awake for what's about to take place, and they must know that this dispensation of grace is coming to an end, for I'm going to give them signs now in the heavens.'Remember when I told you that there was none of this?
Now look what happened today—yesterday. Go ahead, play it.
Look at them. Okay, well, go ahead and tell him. Yeah. See this one?
This is California. They're falling. I told you, the rocks are coming.
There's one right there. There's one right here. Where's this one? I think this is the same one. Boom!
I said it will be so loud soon that it will break the glass out of your houses and your cars because it will be such a sonic boom and it will be coming so fast.
And I said it will shake the buildings. That's Ohio. Do you see them?
They're coming. And the Lord warned us. The second phase is upon us; it starts April 1st.
It's already happening. The birthing pains, He said, will come. It will start to be out of what you see.
You have wars and rumors of wars, and now we'll start to go to the signs of the heavens.
Five major shakings, He said, will start to take place in the earth.
What are those major shakings? He's going to shake the church. He's going to shake the heavens.
He's going to shake the earth's crust with earthquakes and volcanoes.
He's going to shake politics, and He's going to shake the finances.
And then He said He's going to shake—what is that? All of them.
That's all of politics, finances, the heavens, and the Earth.
Yeah. And wars and rumors of wars, I believe, is one of the others.
Five major shakings, but I want to show you these other ones.
Another one here: the Houston area. Right. So show this, just show that.
That's good. I like that picture; pictures are good. Yeah, this is Houston.
They're showing rocks falling through people's roofs. All of a sudden, all these rocks are coming to people's houses.
This is happening, and it goes with what the Lord told us. And I told you it was coming.
Even in prayer, we have documented proof of everything that I'm telling you.
The Lord has warned us; this is coming. But He said it, and then He warned us that a lot of you will call it an Ichabod. What's going on with everything? It's an Ichabod.
And the Lord said, 'It's not an Ichabod.'You consider bad things happening and shakings in the earth, and you say it's judgment.
But I told you 1 Corinthians 5:5 and 2026 would come to a full head and it would go straight up and everybody's going to go, 'What's going on?'1 Corinthians 5:5: judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And He said, 'Many of you, because you've had such a shallow relationship with Me, when trials and tribulations hit your life...'He's yelled and yelled, and COVID was the first wave of the shaking.
And people didn't wake up. They opened their eyes, and as we were praying last time, I saw a man on a bed—it looked like a plank—and he opened his eyes.
And the Lord said, 'The church is about to open their eyes. The church is about to open their eyes, Brandon.
They're asleep and they're about to open their eyes.'Why? Because I'm bringing the bride by My side.
I'm shaking the bride. I'm waking the bride to bring her to My side. It's time for the church to wake up, and they're asleep.
So He said, 'You're going to see some things, and many of you are not prepared.'And He said, 'Hard times will come to some.'But He said the ones that are prepared will be in the cleft of the rock.
They'll be in the refuge, the secret place. But the others, some of you will go home early.
Some of you are going to go home early. You need to hear what I'm telling you.
If you're not listening to the voice of the Lord and where He tells you to be every single day—He says, 'Hey, you need to be here.
You need to be there'—but that Holy Spirit inside of you, you say, 'I'm not going to listen to that; I want to go here.'It could be your last day on the earth because you didn't listen.
You must know Psalm 91. You must know Psalm 23, but you must have an intimate relationship with Him in your heart, and you must hear Him.
The Bible says, 'My sheep will hear My voice and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.'He's not trying to scare you; He's trying to prepare you, for perilous times are here.
And if you don't listen to Him... He said, 'I don't want you to go to the mall today.
I don't want you to go over there today,'because the people who heard the Lord not to go in the building on 9/11 are still here.
Do you understand? Well, God, how come You didn't protect me? Brother Kenneth Hagin talked about a young man.
They were up every night praying for this member of their church.
Do you see these asteroids? They're all falling in the sky now.
I know this is a lot of ring cameras and probably the same asteroid on some of them, but this is Ohio, and they're falling. Do you understand? And it's in the middle of the day.
But Brother Hagin talked about a story one time, and he said that there was a young man—he was up interceding and they couldn't get a release.
They couldn't get it. But they said, 'Lord, show what we're feeling concerning praying for this young man.
Give him a dream of what he's supposed to—what we're warning about.'He was a congregation member.
Well, he had a dream that night. And he worked on an oil derrick.
He worked on the oil crew, and he saw that if he went up on this certain pole, the wire would come loose and it would sever his head. It would cut his head off.
So he went to the foreman, the guy that was over the oil rig, and he told him—because the guy that was supposed to be there called in sick that day—and he said, 'Well, it's your second line.
You're going to go up that pole and work and do this oil job.'He said, 'Now I have a lead—I just feel I had a dream last night, and in my dream, the Lord told me that if I went up that pole, I saw my decapitation, and I can't go up that pole.
I can't go up and do that job today.'There was a Baptist guy that was sitting next to him and he said, 'Oh, I'm not superstitious.
I'll go up there and do it,'kind of making fun of him. He shot up there, and a couple minutes later, they're all on the job site.
But five minutes into it, he's up there and all of a sudden—the man said he won't do it because he was the Holy Ghost-filled man, led and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
He went to Brother Hagin's church and was on the ground working, and as he was working, that line broke and severed that man's head off.
And that head hit that man that didn't go up, and it went into his back as he was laying on the ground working.
True story. The man's head was severed, fell on the man that was Holy Ghost-filled in his back. Both were born-again Christians.
Both love the Lord, but one was yielded to the Holy Spirit by praying in tongues and being filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost, and one was just like, 'I'm not all the way filled; I'm not going to be all in.'Do you understand?
Was it that God loved the one more than the other? No, I don't believe that. God loves us all.
And I believe He loved the Baptist, and I believe He loves the Pentecostal.
But it takes following His voice in these last days to make sure we're still here the next day.
We cannot buck and say, 'Holy Spirit, I can hear You on some things and not hear You on others'for what's coming.
You must be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, being all in.
When I tell you what's coming, I try to tell you and I give you bits and pieces because there's so much that I've been getting in these downloads from the Lord warning me about famines and mega-storms.
They're going to manipulate the weather. And I brought the article out about manipulating the weather. You have it? Okay, let's just move on.
I think I can get the manipulating the weather and the CIA in 1964 already saying, 'We recognize we're doing it.'And I told you, citing what's going over here and what they released today is what they were keeping secret 50 years ago.
But now it's not secret anymore; we can release that because what we're doing over here is even darker.
And I told you all they're going to start to pull things out of AI technology that's going to be shocking, all with new kinds of cures.
It's like I talked to Billy last night for a while. That's why I didn't do my broadcast last night.
I was on the phone with Billy Burke, and he's going to come on, probably, and do a livestream with us.
And we're going to talk about healings and miracles because y'all need to know what's about to take place in this earth dimension: demonstrations and manifestations of the glory in a way that we've never seen before.
We're crossing over into a time where the light's going to get lighter and the dark's going to get darker, and it'll be as thin as this quarter—like a hair.
It's going to be as thin as this quarter. One side will be the darkness and one side will be the light.
What side do you want to focus on? Because the glorious church is about to show up and show off.
Folks, I'm telling you, you're about to see signs, wonders, the dead being raised, and you're going to have to become that person that says, 'I won't become familiar and take for granted what I'm seeing.'Because we're going to see so much of it, don't dishonor the Holy Spirit and what He's about to do in this earth through me and you.
I want to show you what He warned us about: Taiwan. I saw Japan going to the Strait of Hormuz—Hormuz, whatever it is.
Right? Yeah. Japan was being called to get them down there to help out with this Strait.
Why are they doing the strait? Look at all these boats. Do you see all these boats?
This is out of a plane. All those boats are lying there, stationary, full of oil and supplies.
That's a lot of boats. A lot of tankers can't get through because Iran might blow them up.
They're scared, so they just sit out there. And what did I tell you?
I saw the people get real upset with Israel in the days ahead because I saw that it gets even worse—escalation.
And I said there'll be gas lines like there was in the 1970s. And here's India.
They're lined up down the road waiting for gas, petrol, because they can't get enough.
All the people line up for gas; they have little mopeds and just want to fill up for a couple of gallons of gas.
But they're lining up just like the Lord showed us. So we see that. And then the Lord warned us about Japan going to the strait.
And the Lord said, 'When they do this, China will look at it as an opportunity to take Taiwan because their defenders are leaving with their battleships.'And I saw Taiwan as a sitting duck.
And the Lord warned us about this, remember? And He said, 'You must pray for Taiwan.'China will take them within three days after whenever the day they start.
It's not a fight; they surrender the island to them, and it will be about manipulating the chips and medicine in the days ahead.
There will be trade wars that will be even greater, where they'll say you can't get these certain medicines unless you do certain things we tell you, using it as blackmail.
And I told you that's what China will do, and they'll take the chips. Why Japan?
They're going in there and they're saying, 'We're going to help be in the Hormuz, Hormuz or whatever it is.'They're going to go in there and sweep for mines.
So I saw them going down to try to help. But as they went down, I saw China attacking Taiwan, and Russia was involved and so was North Korea. So we see it in the news today.
Okay, I think this is our final thing I warned you to pray over: Houston oil refineries, the Houston area, major oil refineries in Houston, Tuttle, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and other major locations that have oil facilities. I said before there will be surprises. Now play the video.
I've seen visions concerning gas, concerning major petro plants: praying over Tuttle, Oklahoma; praying over Louisiana; praying over Houston; praying over our major refineries and factories of gas and oil in America.
I saw strategic attacks coming. If you go back to those videos, I've warned you even before—I believe it was even before Iran even started—to pray over these oil wells because I saw major attacks trying to come.
It was some kind of sabotage. When it happened, I saw people completely vaporized—seven of them in particular—and then 25 more in critical condition.
That was not too far from there at this facility. I don't know what caused it to go up, but it was in retaliation to what's going on in Iran and what's going on right now.
I warned you to pray for these oil areas. This is very serious. I've seen visions. So we have our first oil major facility.
I don't know today; so far, I haven't looked in the news for why it happened.
I said it would be mysterious. Something happened. Why did it happen?
I don't know; maybe there's news today of why it happened. Maybe it was a leaky valve.
Why did it leak? Why all of a sudden did it go off? Just coincidence, right?
Don't be slow; let the elevator go to the top. So many people are so critical. You don't understand; this isn't normal.
When you have oil facilities start to go in Port Arthur, Texas—and they said it shook houses 20 miles away.
Just another normal day in America, right? When the Lord warned us it was coming.
Why sabotage? Something's happening. I said I even saw them using drones with C-4 on them in the days ahead.
The Lord said specifically, 'You pray for Tuttle, Oklahoma.
Pray for Louisiana.'I saw oil derricks in there, and He said, 'Don't forget the BP oil spill.
Do not forget the BP oil spill. Pray against this.'And major oil refineries like the oil derricks in the Gulf.
He said they'll try to attack the Gulf oil structures in the days ahead to make another BP oil spill.
The Lord warned us about this. And so we see our first refinery up in flames in America today in Port Arthur, Texas.
I'm not familiar—what part of Texas? I don't even know where Port Arthur, Texas is. I just thought, is that the Houston area?
I don't know; the Lord said, 'Watch the Houston area.'Watch this time; He said they'll try to sabotage it.
Who sabotaged it? I don't know; I just think it's interesting.
I'm not saying it's—and they're going, 'Well, there's a terrorist in there and he worked there and he did that.'I don't know.
I don't want to add to or take away from anything; I'm just telling you this is what I saw and what I've seen in the news now: a massive explosion at a crude oil refinery rocks Texas City as Texas residents are told to shelter in place.
So we give all glory to God, but we pray and thank God that nobody was hurt.
From what I understand, there were no lives lost, but the one I saw and other places I saw, it looked like something white.
All of a sudden something shifted, and I saw the people that were standing around there were completely vaporized.
It was from the heat, and it just made them like they were gone.
But there were 25 others that were critically injured. So we pray for these people. We pray for the feds. We pray for our Homeland Security.
I pray for our Congress to get off their blessed assurance and get our security and our TSA back to work.
We have to have our other people going in there and bringing security to our airports because we have people doing political theater right now—like the Lord told us was coming—to try to play political theater and politics for the midterms.
Who's going to look bad? Who's going to look worse? I said they're going to try to embarrass Trump.
But I said I saw nuclear things underneath the earth in Iran.
One bomb. Trump says they're friends. They sent them a package; they got presents.
I said, 'Don't trust the enemy.'They are mad that you took out their Ayatollah.
They think differently; they don't think like us. They are in a holy war.
This is not normal for them. Why? Because they want to bring forth the Mahdi.
This isn't about just eliminating a nuclear threat or missiles; they want to bring about the end. Why?
Because if they die by martyrdom, they get 90 virgins or whatever it is, and a big room full of whatever.
So in their mind they're going, 'Let it be so, Lord,'to their god—for the false god they serve.
So they think differently than us. I said I saw them in secret cells throughout America, that it's not a terrorist. And what did the Lord say this last time?
He said, 'You must pray for Passover,'first going through Good Friday and Easter weekend concerning the Vatican, concerning Catholic churches, concerning major churches like Joel's, concerning Cornerstone, concerning these major...
pray for huge congregations of people. The Lord said, 'Mass.'But it was about Jewish festivals.
For Passover, I saw a Passover feast as a target, and Israel canceled their Passover feast and Jerusalem's Palm Sunday procession—what Jerusalem cancels due to war.
I saw the Jews; for Passover, that it would be a major target.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray.'So I bring all these things to you because that was the urgency of the last prayer broadcast we did as a family.
I remember I told you in the stillness of the night, in the darkness of the night, they'll take Cuba.
I said in the stillness of the night, the electric grid would go down, and it will be down for a while.
I saw cyber interference from America to Cuba for a shaking of that area.
Now listen to this guy. Can you see this? There you go. Yeah, go ahead; you can let him... he doesn't cuss.
So this is Cuba, and there is no electricity anywhere because there's no oil; there's no energy.
This is what it looks like, except that hotel, because it's a five-star hotel.
That's it; everybody else is in the dark. So this is coming to Cuba. We have video after video.
I said, 'Keep watching Cuba as you back them in a corner.'We must pray.
But as we see them, the Lord warned us they're about to be liberated in the middle of the night, whenever the darkness is on them.
I didn't know what I was seeing at the time; I saw a lot of darkness, but I'm like, 'How does this happen?'But it's happening just like He said.
Remember those that have prayed with us and you follow us: you know what the Holy Spirit warned us about.
So we give all glory to Him. But I tell you all this before we move on to the second part of our broadcast. And they're talking about aliens again.
Why did the Lord tell us, when I went to heaven with Him, that standing on the edge of heaven He said, 'Right before I come back, Brandon, they're going to talk about aliens a lot. Be ready. Tell the people.
Don't let the lies of the narrative deceive them, for even the elect will be deceived.'The things they are looking at—all this that's about to come on the earth with these false alien demonic spirits that are going to try to deceive the nations with UFOs and all this stuff.
I said back whenever I had the visitation in 2014, everybody thought, 'You're absolutely nuts.'It's in the news all the time now, every day.
Look: 'U.S. Congressman: I saw them, I can validate.'Isn't it interesting?
So there it is. Is that all tonight? Thank you for all your hard work, Braden.
You've done great. I'm so proud of you. He works his rear off.
He's a skinny guy; he's not like his daddy. I'm going to be skinny like you, Braden. So let's pray tonight. Let me get Diana.
But first off, I want to just give you the opportunity—I tell you all this not to scare you, but to prepare you, to get you ready.
There are many of you all tonight that don't know my Friend. There are many of you all that are riding the fence.
You're in lukewarm territory. You need to be all in. I just want to give you an opportunity to accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
Tonight's your night to turn; tonight's your night. We've had, in the last couple of days, people come from all over, and we've got 15 Buddhists and a Satanist.
I mean, it's been amazing to see the salvation: 34 salvations last broadcast so far of the ones that we counted.
Braden's been so busy, we haven't had a chance to go through there to see if anybody else accepted Jesus Christ.
But people are coming in because they can sense something's coming.
If animals know when a tsunami's coming, how much more did God put it inside of us to know when danger's coming?
How much of that is the Holy Spirit? He's tugging on your heart. He's trying to warn you.
People call it the sixth sense; I call it our blessed Holy Spirit warning us—the still, small voice on the inside of you.
Even the unbeliever has that tugging on the inside of him because He loves you.
And tonight there's many of you that have been running. There's many of you that are telling me...
if I were to sit face to face with you and say, 'Are you right with the Lord?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?'There's so many of you that are on the verge of spending eternity in hell.
If you were to die tonight, you say, 'Brandon, I don't know. I don't have a relationship with Jesus Christ. I've never invited Him to be my Lord and personal Savior.
I just came over here because I'm just curious about some bald-headed guy talking about the news and what's coming.'But you're not here just for that.
You're here because God has a plan for your life, and He's knocking on the door of your heart right now saying, 'Will you just let me in?'It's time for you to stop running.
It's time for you to get real with God as we see these signs coming and all these things that are happening on the news.
It's happening back to back, and the Lord said, even as of the 1st of April, the birthing pains will double from here on out, and it will be even more.
For as labor pains upon a woman, so will it be. Birthing pains do not decrease; they increase before the coming of the baby.
So I just want you to be real with yourself right now and say, 'Brandon, I need to be all in. I need to know Jesus. I want to come home tonight.
Will you please pray for me?'If you feel that inside and you question it, none of us are promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
I say it all the time, but you can be assured of where you're going; you can be assured in your salvation and for your eternity.
Why? By confessing Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And if you're here tonight and you tell me, 'Brandon, I don't know where I'm going to spend eternity.
If I was to die tonight, I don't know; do I go to nothingness?'Like my uncle—he's not saved.
I pray for him all the time, but he believes you go in to be a dove one day when you die, turn into some other creature.
People believe in some crazy stuff, but I'm going to tell you, there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. And tonight's your night to shun hell and populate heaven.
Tonight's your night to turn away from the evil that you are doing and say, 'Jesus, I'm all in, and I sell out to You.
I need You. I can't do this without You. All the signs that are around me—I'm scared. I want to come home.
I want to know You.'And if you are like the prodigal and you've been in the pit and you've spent all the inheritance—you feel like, 'Man, I used to be on fire for God, but if I could just go and be back at my Father's house and be a servant there because I know He probably wouldn't accept me back because I messed up.'What's amazing about our loving Jesus is that He's there with the robe; He's there ready to kill that fatted calf, and He's welcoming His daughters and His sons home right now.
He didn't leave you; you left Him. You turned your back on Him; He never turned His back on you.
And tonight He's there with that robe saying, 'Will you just give Me a chance to clean and make your mess into a message? Will you allow Me just to clean up this?
You've messed your life up; now give Me a shot at your life.'And I'm telling you, He'll turn what the devil meant for bad and give you victory over it like that.
If you just yield to the Holy Spirit and say, 'God, I need you. I can't do this.'And he's there saying, 'I know I can.
I specialize in making people that are nobodies into somebodies.'So tonight I want you just to get real, and I'm going to say a simple prayer with you, and as you say it with me, just repeat it after me.
And you mean it with your whole heart. I believe you'll be saved, and I believe the best is yet to come for you.
So all you do is say this: 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that from this day forward, I turn my back on my sin, on the past relationships that have brought me down.
I turn my back on the devil and every evil work that I was doing.
And from this day forward, Jesus, I'm sold out to you. I ask you to wash me. I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you, Father, to make me new.'You said as far as the east is from the west, you've taken my sins from me.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you. I believe you are the Son of God, and I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Lord, if I was to die today, I know I will be with you in Paradise for eternity.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free. Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again.
And thank you, Lord, that today's a brand new start, a brand new day for me. I'm sold out to you. I give you my all.
I'll help you bring in the lost, and I'll be part of this great harvest that's about to take place throughout this whole world.
Thank you that today's my day of a brand new start. Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that prayer, I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
And I want to tell you, welcome to the family. Welcome to our prayer group here.
Hey, you say, 'Brandon, what do I do now?'Well, you go to a Bible-believing church.
I would find a non-denominational church. I would find a church where they preach the uncompromising Word of God.
Get plugged in there. Go Sundays, go Wednesdays, go to Bible study, go to whatever they have going on.
Get plugged in there. First off, you need to get a Bible. You need to read that Bible and make it real to you.
You've got to get it down inside of your heart. It will change you from the inside out.
But a closed Bible that's collecting dust won't change you. It's just something you put on a bookshelf.
But if you get that Word down inside of you, that Word will become a lamp unto your feet and a light unto your path.
You'll hide that Word of God in your heart that you might not sin against him.
I believe in the Word of God, but I believe in the Spirit, the Holy Spirit.
And you need to get baptized in the Holy Ghost. You need to speak with other tongues.
We are not ashamed of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I'm telling you, get the book Why Tongues by Kenneth Hagin.
It's like a dollar on Amazon, or there's videos on YouTube where people read it to you.
Just search for 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth Hagin and read about the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
It is the Holy Ghost that fills you to the uttermost—the Holy Ghost and fire that gives you the gifts.
And I'm telling you, once you get to that level and pray in the Holy Ghost, you're going to become a threat to the devil, and he's going to be running.
The Bible says, 'Submit yourselves therefore unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.'You're going to submit and you're going to pray in the Holy Ghost, and he's going to run from you in terror because it's when you start understanding the authority of the believer—as he is, so are we in this world—that we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ, and that we are his daughters and sons of the Most High God.
And then you say, 'Well, Brandon, what do I do then?'Read the Bible.
If you can't afford a Bible, my wife and I will send you a Bible for free just out of love, just to say congratulations and welcome to the family.
But you have to email us your address and your name in the description down below.
Right now, we can take care of military bases and things like that in the United States.
One day we'll be able to go overseas, but right now it's not possible.
So we want to tell you, if you want a free Bible and you're in the United States and you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ, we will send you one.
Diana is trying to get caught up with all the Bibles; we've been leading so many people to Jesus.
There's so many people who want Bibles. So, welcome to the family.
If you want a Bible, we'll send you one. But you have to tell us; it's in the description down below.
So all 69 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, as of this moment, welcome to the family.
I believe you've come in right before Easter. Isn't that wonderful?
Jesus died for you to live a victorious life. All 69 of you, welcome home.
Welcome to the Kingdom of God. That's exciting, isn't it, Braden?
So far, 69 people. When you fall down and if you sin again, run to God.
Don't run away from him. Don't hide like Adam and Eve. Run to God and say, 'God, I messed up again today.'And he's there.
He already knew if you were going to mess up before you did it.
It's not a shock and awe to him—'Oh, wow, you messed up again.'No.
You run to him, and it's by grace. You just keep walking out. We work out our salvation with fear and trembling.
None of us are perfect. We all mess up. So you just keep picking yourself up and you keep standing.
A toddler learns to walk by falling. So just like that, we're babes in Christ.
You fall, you skin your knee sometimes, and you pick yourself back up.
But you don't give up on walking. You just keep trying, and you'll be running pretty quick.
We're so thankful for every single one of you. All 7,000 of you right now that are here, welcome.
So I'm going to get my wife. She takes notes while we pray, and we'll take communion as a family.
Get your communion elements. I already have my stuff here. I'll go get her real quick.
Give me a couple of seconds. All right, let's take communion and we'll pray.
Here's yours. I got anointing oil. Hi, everybody. I plead the blood of Jesus over you.
In Jesus'name, I plead the blood all around you. Father, I thank you, Lord. As we jump in the river, we're covered by the blood.
Thank you, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I anoint myself with oil, and Father, I thank you, Lord. The blood of Jesus covers us.
We hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
I thank you, Father. We take the body right now, and we thank you, Lord.
We make much of the body. Father, we're so thankful for what you did for us.
We're so thankful that it never loses its power. That you're the same yesterday, today, and forever.
That you're the healer. You're the deliverer. Father, I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we are healed.
And every single one of us tonight that is believing for a miracle, today is their expiration date for what they've been believing for. Today's the day for their breakthrough.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's time for the exceedingly, abundantly above all that we dare ask or think—that it is a time to excel, to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath, that we are the children of the Most High God.
We're seated with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
We believe that you've made us joint heirs with you. We believe that we'll lay hands on the sick and they'll recover.
We believe that we can cast out devils in your name. We believe we will raise the dead in your name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's all hands on deck. You said the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're calling forth the laborers tonight.
We're calling forth the people that have a backbone like a crowbar that are ready to take the land for Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that we are the overcomers, and we're bringing in the biggest harvest this world has ever seen for such a time as this.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed.
Today is your day. Believe it. Don't look at this as just a piece of cracker.
Look at it as: 'I'm healed by his stripes.'And as I take this body, he took all the sickness for me. And what he bore in his body, I need not bear in mine.
I believe that Jesus Christ died for me, and he took it all, and I'm healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take it right now in Jesus'name. Lord, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over our eyes and over our ears. If anything you want to show us tonight, Father, we're here. If not, we'll just pray and give you praise.
Father, we lift up this time, and I yield to the anointing of the watchman, I yield to the anointing of the prophetic, I yield to the anointing of what you've called me to do.
Father, we warn the people of what is to come. We apply the blood uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that I hear you and see what you want me to see.
And we thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Now, station angels all around here. And I thank you, Lord, for my angels that protect us.
And we thank you, Lord, that they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And we take the blood right now, in Jesus'name, Amen and amen. Let's do that often in remembrance of what he did for us.
It's not something religious; it's about relationship in a covenant.
As he is, so are we in this world. He dwells on the inside of you. I practice his presence.
He spoke to me first thing this morning and talked to me about my future.
I love the Lord Jesus, but it's not just some religious experience; it's a personal relationship.
I don't look at him as some kind of far-off God that I can't talk to. He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
Change your glasses, change the way you see the Lord—that he is your friend.
He'll change you from the inside out. But who can go and approach a God that feels untouchable? I always keep my sense of awe and respect of him.
I'm not looking at it like, 'Let's bump fists and have a glass of coconut milk.'I honor him and I reverence him, but I always approach him as a friend.
He's holy, but he is worthy, and he's my friend. I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
We believe today there's an expiration date for all those that are heavy laden. You said you'd give them rest tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that tonight's the night for their breakthrough in their marriages.
I thank you that tonight's the night for a breakthrough of being single and feeling so alone, that you're bringing in the perfect spouse to the single, that you're bringing restoration to the marriages that are broken and separated.
There's really no root cause other than the devil has been after you.
And so you've become weary in well-doing, and things seem to be overwhelming you.
Jesus wants to give you hope tonight in what we call a mending of the hearts. Faith works by love.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that love takes no account of a suffered wrong, even as many people try to be rude and do things that are rude to us.
Father, we take no account of who suffered wrong. Love never fails.
Tonight we thank you that love takes us over, for God is love. Let love take us over tonight.
Father, as we love the nations, as we call for the unsaved to find the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, we call for the eyes of their understanding to be enlightened.
Lord, we call the blinders off. For you said Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, and we call the blinders off of their eyes in the name of Jesus.
According to Ephesians 1:18, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened, that they would see how much Jesus loves them.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that have been sent to kill, steal, and destroy.
Father, you said, 'I have come that you might have life and abundance to the full, until it overflows.'I believe that tonight is the night of a turnaround for many people who are believing for breakthrough in their finances, in their homes, in their marriages, and for their wayward children.
We call them home in the name of Jesus. The Bible says, 'Train up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they will not depart from it.'We call those children home in the name of Jesus.
Even if there's just one seed of hope, we thank you, Lord. Some plant, some water, but God brings forth the increase.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're bringing forth that increase—thirty, sixty, and 100-fold.
We call it in right now in the name of Jesus from the north, south, east, and west. Satan, get your hands off of our finances!
You will not touch God's property, and I call back what you stole sevenfold in Jesus'name.
We say we are blessed. We're prosperous in the city and in the field, coming in and going out. Overflow is the way.
Our storehouses overflow so that we lack no good thing; the willing and obedient eat the good of the land.
We thank you, Lord, that tonight's the night we see breakthrough, a turnaround, a divine reversal, and a divine turnaround tonight in the name of Jesus for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commission growth, estates and inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, found money, bills paid off, bills decreased, and blessing and increase on our households.
We believe that it is a time that we're going to excel. We're the salty ones.
People are drawn to the salt and they ask, 'What is it about you that's different?'We arise and shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
That light shines so bright through our eyes and through us that people see it in Walmart. They see it wherever we go.
We may go down to Cracker Barrel and they say, 'There's something different about you.'It's not me; it's all Jesus.
There's something different about you as you go into the Cracker Barrel, as you go into the IHOP, or wherever you may be, because wherever you go, you take Jesus with you.
His presence is felt, flooding my whole house. The King is here. We acknowledge you. The King is here.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, who was and is and is to come. Fill my cup, Lord; I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole. I see lights coming on in Cuba.
It's not the whole island, but Havana mainly. Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. Lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole. I don't move until I start to feel that cloak.
Unless I feel it on me before I start the broadcast, the only way I know to get it to come on is by worship.
When you give Him praise and worship, that cloak, as I call it, is something I feel come on me and feel when it lifts off.
It's like a garment that comes on me. Whenever it happens, I see.
But until I feel the breakthrough when it comes on, I can start to see.
It's just like touching a stove. I can't do it without Him; I'm totally helpless without Him.
Even when I sit on the couch, when that cloak comes on, I feel it.
When I'm sitting there after the broadcast, I can feel it lift. But until then, I can see just sitting on the couch.
There's levels of it: ankle-deep, knee-deep, waist-deep, and over the head.
You can feel when it's just ankle-deep. It's not too deep; I'm shallow in this tonight. I can feel it, but I can still see.
And then there's some nights like I can feel it coming on me tonight, that it feels like it's going to take me over. I don't know how to describe it, but it's so real to me.
Whenever the anointing comes on so strongly, it's like you get in that river and you taste and see that the Lord is good.
I acknowledge it when it's like this, especially when I start seeing. I can feel it go full.
Diana knows; she can tell when it comes on in the car when we're driving around.
I see the whole time; I'm driving down the street, but I'm looking into the spirit as I'm driving.
It's pretty amazing, but it's all Him. That's why I'm trying to teach you to the best of my ability that He's more real than even she is.
He wants to be real to you. To be a forerunner, there's something that's never been done before—to be a pioneer of something.
When the Lord tells you to go on YouTube and do this, it's gotten increasingly more intense, especially the more I get persecuted.
I'm so thankful for the opportunity to be able to stand for Him and do the things we've done.
As I was looking over again, I could see immediately Cuba, and we'll pray into it.
But the Lord said, 'Stop and explain this.'I don't know why; it's for somebody on the other side of this camera.
Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord. Lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
I see a chicken. I see a chicken that looks like it's metal; it's robotic.
It looks like a ratchet—a ratchet that attaches. The chicken has a face and I see designs on this ratchet.
There's a chicken head with a beak. I can see this, but it's being getting wrapped.
You use the ratchet to tighten the bolts and the screws. This chicken moves its head like that, and there's a sun behind it.
Now, I don't know what that's about yet, but that's what I see. It sounds really odd, but it's actually a tool.
As you move this ratchet—the fat end down here where the ratchet head is—up here, there's a chicken face with a red red thing.
Help me pull that out. What is the Lord trying to say? There's a sun behind this ratchet.
You might say, 'Well, Brandon, that sounds really out there.'Well, yeah, it does.
But there are designs that look like olive leaves; they're all inside. I'm looking at it right now. I can see the olive leaves.
It looks like vines, and all these leaves are on the vines on the ratchet that has the chicken head.
On the face of this ratchet—it's a long one, not round—it's a ratchet with a handle.
All these olive leaves are all over this ratchet with vines and decorations.
It looks like paisley almost, but it's carved out with shiny silver with black engravings that look like script all on this ratchet head.
It's a tool. What is a tool? It's a wake-up. What does a rooster do?
It wakes everybody up. The sun is coming; it's a waking up because the sun is coming.
The rooster is there on this ratchet, and it's a tool. It's a vine, and the vine is attached.
Is that what the scripture says? He is the vine; we are the branches.
These vines look like olive leaves; they're coming off of this, and all of it is on this tool with the rooster and the sun coming up behind it.
It looks like the Kellogg's Corn Flakes rooster. He uses the rooster to wake you up, to tell you the dawning of a new day.
Every barnyard animal has its place; every rooster has its place to warn the farmer of a new day.
They're tools. It's a tool, part of the farm. Harvesters! I hear 'harvesters.'Now I see a combine and a silo.
I see the farmer. He has overalls on; I see the hat and the silos in the background.
I see the rooster that looks like a tool. Everything is a tool being used to wake up the farmer.
It's time to wake up, farmer! It's time to wake up, harvesters! The silo is empty.
The Lord said, 'Bring in my harvest.'I hear Him say, 'Bring in my harvest.
The silos are empty; I want them to be overflowing.'Now I see the wheat, and the wheat is upon the fields.
The wheat is bowing down, and the rooster is crowing. The sun is coming up for harvest time. It's harvest time.
I see the farmer, and he has buckets in his hands and is running about doing chores and paths throughout the farm, getting ready to bring in this harvest upon the land.
The Lord shows me these silos; they are massive round silos with dome tops.
Two of them are red with stripes of white, but there's just a little bit of grain in the bottom of each one.
The Lord said, 'Bring in my harvest, son.'I don't know about you, but there is a key to understanding and an intricate...
the elderly man that's walking around has a big nose. He has brown hair that's cut well, and he has a straw hat on with a straw out of his mouth.
He's wearing a plaid shirt. His shirt is plaid, short-sleeved; it looks like a linen shirt.
He has overalls and the two buckets in his hands, and he's running to go do something.
I can see him; I see the farmhouse. I see that strange-looking rooster with the metal body.
Now I see a dog, and I see the dog that is the farmer's dog. This dog is brown with black spots and a really pink tongue, looking around.
It's looking toward the farmer as he's running with those buckets in his hands.
The dog is at a full sprint. He is on a path. It looks like a dirt path that goes into some corn.
The Lord has such a sense of humor. Everything is in color, and it looks like a cartoon.
The grass is green, but that harvest is plentiful. There is only one harvester: this man and his buckets.
He is frantic, trying to get all this done. I see his buckets are full; they are metal looking, steel-looking buckets.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord, for the farmer. I thank you, Father, for the harvesters that you are waking up.
The roosters are calling for him to wake up. It is time to wake up, church.
The roosters are crowing. It is time to wake up. The silos are filling up.
I see one silo completely full, and it is overflowing. There is actually color.
These kernels are coming out of the top; it is leaking. The silo is busting out the side.
It looks like it is at capacity and it cannot take anymore. And all of it is running out of the top.
We are calling in the harvest. We are calling in the laborers for the harvest.
We are calling in this vast harvest from all nations, from every tribe, every tongue.
In the name of Jesus, come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
It is time. Wake up, you are running out of time. We are calling in the men in Asia.
We are calling them in all throughout China, South Korea, Japan, North Korea, Taiwan, the Philippines, and Vietnam.
They are coming in now in Jesus'name. We are calling in the harvesters. Laborers, come forth in the name of Jesus. It is time.
We call them in in Jesus'name all throughout South America, Mexico, and Canada.
Wake up! The roosters are crowing. It is time to get up. In the name of Jesus, we call you.
Wake up, church. Bring in the harvest. Those vats are ready to overflow.
We call them in in the name of Jesus—all throughout Africa, Asia, Europe, South America, and the Middle East.
We are calling in the souls in the name of Jesus. Harvesters, rise up in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that this will be the greatest Easter season.
This will be the greatest Easter we have ever seen in our churches.
The wayward people are coming home; the ones that have lost hope, become discouraged, and stopped going to church.
We are stirring in their hearts that this would be the largest Easter service we have ever had.
We are calling in the wayward, we are calling in the lukewarm.
Stir in them, Jesus. Get them ready. Palm Sunday is coming. Easter is almost here.
It is time to come back to church. We are calling in the harvest and the harvesters.
Father, I thank you that when they go back to church, they do not get some watered-down, lukewarm message.
They get a message on fire. They get a Holy Ghost and fire message.
It is time for the pastors to rise up with a backbone, standing for repentance and teaching holiness back in the church.
Telling them that Jesus Christ is coming back for a glorified church.
He is not coming back for a weak, busted and disgusting church. He is coming back for victorious church champions.
Father, I thank you that it is time for the church to be that light in the darkness, that farmer bringing in the harvest.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few. Wake up out of your sleep.
The roosters are crowing. We must be busy about our Father's business.
We are running out of time. Wake up, farmers! Wake up, harvesters!
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end. A new chapter has just begun.
The greatest revival is yet to come. I hear the greatest days have just begun.
The harvesters, wake up! Farmers, wake up! The roosters are crowing.
Some silos are empty, but he wants to bring it in. He has long patience.
That scripture, Braden, has long patience. We thank you, Lord Father, for the long patience.
Be patient, therefore, Braden, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it, until he receives the early and the latter rain.
James 5:7. We thank you, Lord, that you have long patience. The time is up for this dispensation of grace.
We have come to that place and we are calling in that last fruit.
Be patient, therefore, Braden, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience.
He is after the fruit; he is after the farmers and the harvesters to bring forth the precious fruit of the earth.
We are calling those harvesters in right now. Satan, get your hands off the unsaved.
We call in the angels from the North, South, East, and West. We call the reserves out of heaven to aid and assist us.
We call in the holy angels to aid and assist the unbelievers, to get the blinders off of their eyes. Father, for they are the precious fruit of the earth.
The husbandman—what the next verse says—be also patient, establish your hearts, for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh.
He is waiting patiently. The farmer is bringing in the precious fruit.
The husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit. God is waiting for the precious fruit.
The rooster is crowing, and he is calling forth the laborers.
Are you ready? It is all hands on deck. We call them in right now.
Angels of the Lord, we call you forth in Jesus'name to go and bring them in, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We break off that demonic influence from these people that they are able to see.
We give you praise and glory in Jesus'name. It is time for the harvesters.
Be also patient, establish your hearts, for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh. We thank you, Lord.
All throughout the earth, we call in the harvest in the name of Jesus into the silos.
It is so plentiful that there is not room enough to receive it. As we go into Easter, this will be a time of celebration.
We take authority over every demonic attack that is assigned to these churches to kill, steal, and destroy, to disrupt Easter, Passover, and Good Friday.
Even in the Catholic community and the Vatican, we take authority in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, for the flow of the Holy Ghost to bring in that which is lost. They can say, 'I was once lost, but now I am found.
I was blind, but now I see.'We thank you for the precious fruit coming forth—your wayward children, the children that are blind. We are calling them in, in Jesus'name.
This one says, 2 Peter 3:9: 'The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness, but is long-suffering to usward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.'We believe that all will come to repentance.
Wouldn't it be amazing if there were so many people coming to the saving knowledge of Jesus that it downgrades how many people are here for the tribulation?
We are so grateful that God's hand is not slack concerning the promise.
He does not want anybody going to hell. God is love and he loves you.
He wants everybody to come to saving Jesus. He has long patience.
We are coming to the end of this dispensation, but as I saw that rooster crowing and the barns were empty, I said, 'Lord, bring in a harvest.
Bring them in. Be that farmer.'The rooster is crowing, and he is up there.
River, get up. You are laying in bed. There are too many people who are asleep.
That is what we are about to see. All these kings. Oh, isn't that going to be awesome?
That is why He wants His harvest. We all have our part. Braden has his part.
Diana has her part. I have a part. Paisley has a part. He is doing all the stuff.
Everybody find your part. They do not always have to be behind the camera.
You could be the person behind there, and he is more important than even what I do, doing the things like he does.
Everybody has their part. Find your place. Where do you fit in the puzzle?
What is your puzzle piece? But you make a whole piece of the puzzle. You could say, well, Brandon, I just work in the nursery.
You are a vital piece, regardless of whether you are in the parking lot bringing in cars, or in the cold in the winter, or in the hot heat of the summer, and you are out there sweating and doing a golf cart ministry.
Whatever it is, you could be helping with the widows, you could do whatever.
But everybody plays a vital part in this kingdom. Nobody is doing something greater and nobody is doing something lesser.
We are all going to have our rewards. It is with the heart that you do it.
Whatever I do, in word or in deed, I give all to the glory of God.
If I am a janitor or if I am speaking to tens of thousands. Everybody plays a vital part in this last harvest.
What is your part? Ask God to show you what your part is to help bring in this precious fruit. Do not look at yourself as lowly.
Well, you know, I am just the person that passes out the tracts or I pass the offering bucket.
You know, I am not that big a deal. Thank God for you. It is all hands on deck.
Even the person who is cleaning the mirrors in the bathroom. Everybody plays a vital part.
You do not show up for a couple of Sundays and you go into that bathroom; I guarantee you people are going to be so excited you are there the next week.
You know, this bathroom is nasty. I do not even want to go in here and do anything because it is filthy.
Everybody plays a part. You are a vital piece to the kingdom of God, and He loves you.
And He is excited. You are saying, I will do whatever you ask me to do.
I will do children's ministry. I will do youth ministry. I will do usher ministry.
I do not know, but I just want to be where You are. It is time for the body of Christ to wake up.
And the rooster is crowing. Who is helping me bring in the harvest? They are coming in, ladies and gentlemen.
I am telling you, they are coming in by the busloads and it will look like a mass of cruise ship loads.
I am telling you, I have seen them. There is a major shaking about to take place, and the Lord said they are coming in hot brand.
Be patient with My babies. Be patient with My babies. What will you do with the precious fruit when it comes?
How will you treat them? Will you treat them as, well, you do not look the way you should?
You should be dressed differently. Well, I do not like the way your hair is.
I do not like the way you have too many tattoos. Do not be a sister clipboard when they come. Honor and be respectful and say, you know what?
I was once lost, but now I am found, and I am going to tell you that God turned my mess into a message and He will do the same for you.
Do not look and turn your nose up to somebody when they come. I am telling you, they are coming in by the satanists. They are going to come in by the homosexuals.
They are going to come in by the transgenders, they are going to come in from them atheists to the Muslims to the Buddhists, to the darkest of the dark.
What will you do with the babies that God has given you? His precious fruit?
Don't be a stumbling block for your brother or your sister who is coming in that has been lost.
They get offended and do not come back to church. They say, you know what?
I am still rejected. I cannot even come to church anymore. I do not even know why I am here. Love them.
Be excited they are there because I am telling you, they are going to start coming in from the bars and the strip joints and the clubs and the drugs and all this, and they are going to be looking for some hope.
What will they find when they go to your church? Religion and rejection.
Well, you do not serve the part. You need to cut your hair and look a certain way before you come in.
That is the Holy Spirit's job to clean them up. That is the Holy Spirit's job.
You help them, and He will clean them up. You teach the truth, and the truth will set them free.
They will start seeing. But it is not your job to slap them around and do that. You teach them by love.
Teach them the Word of God and show them in the Word of God, and the Holy Spirit will change them from the inside out. The babies are coming. Be patient with My babies, He said.
Be patient with My babies, the Asian babies, the black babies, the Indian babies, the white babies, the Hispanic babies. They are all coming.
All of them need somebody to love them, somebody to change their diaper, somebody to give them something to eat and to tell them you have a plan.
God has a plan for your life. There is hope for you. You wipe off the dirt like a mother licks it, you know, and they lick that dirt off their face.
But there ain't nobody. There is a good mama. They are not slapping their kids around or being mean to them, you understand?
I am telling you, I hear Him say, My babies are coming. They are coming in hot like a fastball.
You are going to catch them. What are they going to get when they come to your church?
Some dried up religious gospel that has no meat to it, no good substance to it. It is porridge.
It is old, nasty and has flies all around it because you try to pretend you are okay with God, but you are so lukewarm.
Even you pastors that feel like you are okay, but you are not. It is time. Do you repent and get right with the Lord?
It is time for the church people; even judgment begins in the house of the Lord.
First He said, I am cleaning up My bride and bringing her to My side.
It is time for the pastors to repent for being lukewarm and come up higher and into fellowship with the Father.
I hear it so strong tonight. Everything else from the world and all the things going on in the world, it does not really matter.
What matters the most is your relationship with Jesus Christ.
And where will you spend eternity? There will be wars. There will be rumors, there are going to be plagues.
They are going to be talking about all kinds of stuff. But the most important thing we can do is get ready for this vast fruit.
The fruit, God's precious fruit. The people are coming, ladies and gentlemen.
But what will they get when they get there? What will they get at your church when they come?
Are you on fire for Jesus? Are you excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus?
Stir yourself up today. Get ready for what is about to take place. We are praying even more into this for the harvest.
Even going into Easter, it is the largest Sunday in the Christian community.
That is the first mosquito of the year. Easter is one of the busiest Sundays for pastors all around the world.
Easter Sunday. This is the time. This is go time. This is the championship game. You know, this is the time when everybody comes to church.
They usually do not go to church, but they are going because their mom asked them to.
And they are going to go have deviled eggs afterwards. And you are going to go in and celebrate.
I remember when we worked the church, when I worked there, we had record numbers.
15,000 people come to church on Easter Sunday and you go, wow, this is awesome.
And the next week they do not come back, but you pray some of them do.
I am telling you, they are going to start to stick though. It is time to get real.
That is what I am trying to tell you. I am excited. The greatest move of God is about to happen.
Azusa streets everywhere. So we will pray a little bit more about this.
But this is what I am seeing tonight. And the Lord is calling in that harvest.
I love the way He does things and what is on His heart. What is on His heart tonight is His kids.
What is on His heart tonight is that fruit? Father, we thank You, Lord. We thank You, Father, for Asia.
Now I am going to pray in the spirit for a little bit because I ran out of English.
I am seeing healing services. I am seeing old tent revivals. I can see my friend, even Billy Burke.
There is, I am telling you, major, major services, major meetings are about to happen.
Oh, Father, I see there may be sinners. I can see it again. And it is full of people.
I see a great revival. I see the great revival of healing and demonstrations.
I see those old wells of camp meetings. Brush arbor churches are coming back.
Oh, camp meetings. They are coming back. Oh, tent revivals are coming back.
I believe this is symbolic. We have a lot of auditoriums now.
We do not have to have a big tent because we have these big coliseums.
We can rent out the Dallas Cowboys stadium for a week and have a major revival.
All it takes is money. I believe that every one of them will be glory domes.
And there will be so many people filling the Dallas Cowboys stadium, there will be so many people filling the Kansas City Chiefs stadium that there will be a waiting room, some kind of overflow in another stadium, because there are so many people coming, wanting a touch from Jesus.
Many will come, that is what He says. He will come. Many will come.
It will be a quick work. It will be a quick work. Do not expect it to last years and years.
It will be a quick work. A mighty harvest will come. A mighty harvest.
Expect it. Quick work. Millions and millions will be saved in a day.
Millions more are coming. Throughout the globe, millions will come.
Millions will be saved in a day. Millions will be saved in a day. There is a great rain coming from the east.
And even all throughout the prison system, a great revival will come.
A great revival will come in the incarceration known day. Today we pray over the White House.
Today we pray over our president. He will make the right choices.
We call in the right choices all around him. We call in the right choices.
He takes no counsel from the ungodly. I am going to describe everything I am saying to you.
And I want you to grasp over. And you mature believers, you mature prayers.
Listen very closely. Around our president, there is a trying to be a thug.
It looks like a fog. There is a snake. There is a demonic spirit that is on an individual.
And this individual is swimming around similar to like a piranha, but it is yellow.
Okay. This is the colors on this fish. I see a yellow belly, a yellow stripe. The front of it is white with yellow. It is yellow. Okay.
The yellow belly with white with another black stripe with a white stripe and a black stripe and a white stripe.
Black stripe, white stripe, black stripe, white stripe with purple around the eyes, so it is black and white with a yellow belly.
And the fish has a wounded fin similar to what is on Nemo, the cartoon.
The one that when he is in the tank, it is similar to that kind of looking like a fish.
That is the only way I can describe this to you. But this fish is a suit.
The head of the fish is swimming, but underneath this fish is a body and it has a suit on it.
And it is swimming around our president causing confusion, whispering in his ear. But it is sly out of its mouth. It is a whisper of confusion.
And as you hear him seeming double minded, I see a fog that goes from his eyes to the back of his head.
That looks like a cloud that is making his mind not think right to give good decisions concerning Iran, Cuba, and the things ahead.
This is a demonic spirit that has been assigned to bring confusion, to bring forth bad decisions over our land.
And it has a suit and it obviously is a man, because a man wears a suit and it has a white shirt with a tie with what looks like a red tie.
I know who this man is. It is the chameleon. It is the replacement.
It is an assignment to distance themself in the days ahead, to try to destroy MAGA.
Catch it! The Lord said catch it. You mature, you that are mature, you see it?
The Lord said he is given it to you right now. See it? He is talking in semi code.
But there is more here. The Lord wants to show you. You must pray a hedge around our president. For his eyes would try to have cataracts.
And I see a film that looks glassed over his eyes that he is not able to see like he is supposed to.
I do not believe this is natural. I believe this is a demonic thing that looks like his eyes do not have any pupils.
And they are trying to have a glass front over his eyes with the fog on his mind, not giving him clear direction to lead like he is supposed to.
It is because what is being said in the office. It is what is being said in the meetings.
And I see generals. I see generals talking in conspiracy. I see generals talking with conspiracy with this other.
Undermining, I hear undermining. Trying to undermine over here to make it look like it is your idea.
It is subliminal messages like you. You say this, but it gives you. It is your idea.
Because strong as he is, President Trump is very strong in the way he does things.
So it is subliminal. Like you plant the seed for an idea, but it is undermining. It is subtle.
And as a drip of water that keeps dripping on something, it causes an indention over time.
This is subtle. It is everyday subtle. Steer, steer, steer this way, this way, this way.
But all of it is to derail Agenda 2030. Because they want Agenda 2030.
There is much money in Agenda 2030 for a new bill, new global system.
It would look in the days ahead like he is confused. Even more so going through Easter.
It will look confused. So we lift him up before you, Father. We lift him up before you.
That he takes no counsel from even the ones he thinks he can trust.
That he has greater discernment on the ones that he thinks he can trust are a chameleon.
They are a lizard. This is not right. That he would listen to people that have godly counsel.
They may not look the prettiest, but they have the Holy Ghost.
Having an Ivy League education does not make you the smartest. I see people around him influenced with Ivy League.
These brilliant minds, or they call brilliant minds, but they are led by the devil.
I hear Ivy League education. What is this Ivy League education like?
These people that are like Harvard people, right? Yeah, yeah.
The Lord said they are corrupt, like Harvard, Yale, that they need to surround yourself with Ivy League is foolish.
They are corrupted, compromised. They are compromised. But the one in the back that is not as smart with the Ivy League is being led by the spirit of the Lord.
And he may have an education. It may be humble compared to what you think an Ivy League is.
I do not know what else to say, but I see the one standing in the back.
It is in the shadows because the Ivy League stands more prominent.
They are sharper with their mouth. They are sharper with this.
But this is a divided tongue that has been designed by the devil.
Hear me, sir. Take no counsel from the ungodly. You know, like the disciples.
They were fishermen, but they had been with Jesus. They talked with fire.
They talked with conviction. They talked with a pull because they had been with Jesus.
I want to take counsel from the one who has been with Jesus. I want to sit with the people and take counsel from the people who have been with Jesus.
I see it so clear. The Davids, the one that was on the backside of the mountain with the sheep.
He smelt like the sheep because he had been with the sheep. Who is on the Lord's side? Who are the ones that are sold out to Jesus?
Acts 6:10 says, and they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake.
Acts 6:10, and they were not able to resist the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake, because he had been with Jesus.
And then Acts 6:5 says that he was a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost. He was a man full of faith and of the Holy Ghost.
So, Father, we pray for the counsel, a new changing of the guard of counsel around him to rise up men and women that have been with Jesus to lead and help President Trump for godly counsel.
That we take authority over the spirit of confusion that is around and about him right now.
We call for peace over his mind, that he hears your voice, and we take authority over this Leviathan spirit, this Python spirit that is trying to wrap around his mind to choke out the life that he has, this blinders, this scales on his eyes.
We take authority over it, Father. We thank you, Lord, that our president will have eyes that are clear, his understanding will be enlightened.
There will be no scales on our president's eyes. We pray over his mind.
We pray over the counsel that is around him, that we raise up prayer warriors and people that are like Stephens, that have supernatural wisdom, like Solomon, to lead us out of this pit into victory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there is a change in our nation.
We call a nation that is one nation under God. We call a nation that is on fire for you.
We thank you, Lord, that we have this opportunity and the church rises up.
And you said, I am holding the church accountable for what goes on in the White House.
We pray over our president. We pray over his children tonight. We pray over Don Jr., Eric, Ivanka, Tiffany, and Barron.
We call each protected by the precious blood of Jesus that a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We pray around and about angels to protect them that bear them up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We pray over our finances, over the crypto, and over the legal legislation that is surrounding the Clarity Act and the Voting Act.
We call this passed in the name of Jesus, that we will not lose to this communistic spirit that is trying to come on our nation.
We come against it in the name of Jesus, that the blood of Jesus Christ is over our state of Oklahoma, over our governor who is about to be governor in this next midterm.
Father, we call a God-fearing governor over Oklahoma that we will not have a democratic Jezebel spirit into this area.
We will not have it. We plead the blood over Oklahoma and over every governor, over every race. There will be the greatest red wave we have ever seen.
We rise up and take our dominion and authority over this land in Jesus name, over every county, over every city, over every town.
We call in voters to vote in the name of Jesus and to vote against voter fraud, to come against voter fraud and corruption in politics.
From RINOs to the red and the blue, we call new seats, Father, in the name of Jesus for men and women to rise up and run for office. They have a God-fearing heart and a godly backbone.
Father, that they will not bend or bow their knee to Baal, but Father, they will rise up and take this land all for the glory of God.
From sea to shining sea, from the gulf all the way to Canada. We call a red wave over this nation in the name of Jesus, over California, over New York.
Father, the men there would be replaced, Father, with somebody new.
Father, that they will not fall to this ideology and this corrupt current thinking, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that there will be a major revival. Shake New York, shake California, shake Texas, shake Minnesota.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that even Miami is being shaken by the power of the Holy Ghost.
There will be fire from coast to coast all throughout Canada, from British Columbia to Toronto.
Father, we call for a major revival in the land—a major harvest of souls in the name of Jesus.
All throughout Australia, Father, we call forth a major revival in the name of Jesus, that you're raising up new Davids, you're raising up new pastors, and there will be a mighty Holy Ghost and fire on the land in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you for new Holy Ghost worship songs from heaven—songs of Holy Ghost fire.
And Father, they will stir up the altars, stir up the pews, stir up the seats.
And Father, there will be repentance back in your church again.
We call for repentance in your church; again the pastors will be preaching repentance and holiness. And Father, that we will be set apart unto you.
Father, we will not be a church that is a harlot, that's full of the world, that's full of stinking thinking, but will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and take this land one more time—one more revival, one more outpouring in the name of Jesus.
All throughout this land, we call it in, in Jesus'name. We call in that shaking to awaken.
Father, you're waking up that church, you're waking up the bride. You're waking her up to bring her to your side.
And I thank you, Father, for the Holy Ghost and fire that will purify us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We call in the revival that will bring us to our knees. And we'll pray again as a church like we should. We pray again as a family.
We pray again as we teach our children in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
We call revival in our homes. We call revival in our schools. We call revival in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're bringing forth those laborers, Father, in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord.
They're all throughout Asia; they're all throughout the areas, and we will see it sooner rather than later.
It's happening now. Revival starts with me. Revival starts with you. Revival starts with us.
But we pray over our president, and we thank you, Lord, that he has a mind of Christ.
2 Timothy 1:7 says that God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
I pray over his veins. I pray over his heart. I pray over his liver.
I pray over his kidneys. I pray over his spleen. I pray over his pancreas.
I pray over his gallbladder, if he has one. I pray over his mind, that his blood flows in his mind.
No strokes, no bondage of strokes, no bondage of his arteries. We call his arteries clear.
We call his body whole and renewed, and his youth is renewed like the eagles.
And you fill his mouth with good things. We call, Father, that he will finish; he'll live long and finish strong.
He'll finish the race that you've called him to do, and he'll do it with accuracy and precision, like a surgeon's knife.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is the time and this is the season for the greatest glorious church to arise.
And we thank you, Lord, that you called us to that kingdom in the name of Jesus.
Every single one of us, Lord, we're calling it in right now. In Jesus'name, we're calling it in, Father.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah! Do you believe it?
You have to believe it, that we're going to see change. You have to believe it. You can't be a doubter. I like this in Acts 4:13.
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and they perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled, and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus.
Why? Because they spoke with wisdom from heaven. They had been with Jesus.
The key to supernatural wisdom is being with Jesus, not just once, not twice, but day to day. Being with Jesus brings boldness.
Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and saw they were unlearned and ignorant, they perceived it; they were like, 'I know these guys are dumb as a box of rocks; they're fishermen or whatever.'They marveled.
When the super comes on your natural, when the glory of the Lord rises on you, people are going to marvel—not at you, but at the presence of the Lord on you.
They spent time with him. And that's what's going to make us stand out in these days ahead, that we had been with Jesus. They're going to marvel at the presence of the Lord on us.
When we lay hands on the sick, we cast out devils, and when we see the blinded eyes open, when we give counsel, they're going to say, 'He doesn't have a Harvard education; he doesn't have a Yale education.
This guy is ignorant, but we're marveling at when he talks, he draws a crowd.'Look at that.
What is that? He has been with Jesus. So don't knock yourself like I do sometimes.
Even you go, 'Well, it's just being with Jesus.'And the more we are dead to self, the more we are yielding, controlled by the Holy Ghost, they're going to marvel because we have been with Jesus.
Acts 4:13. So we call forth the people right now, the council of the righteous, to be around Trump today.
We thank you, Lord, that you have our nation, you have our pastors, our prophets, our teachers, our evangelists, and you're raising up new ones.
It's time for the new generation to take the baton. Learn from your elders; grab ahold of what they have.
Don't dishonor the elders; honor them. Bless them, learn from them, and keep running.
They may be tired in their race because they've run it for so long, but it's time they're passing on the baton, and you grab ahold of it and say, 'Listen, I'm going to finish strong for us.
We've got this. It's okay.'Always honor the elders; bless them.
Don't say, 'Oh, you're too old; you have bad thinking.'Learn. Don't be prideful. Humble yourself. You don't know it all.
They don't know it all either, but when you put the young and the old together, you get people working together; they work smarter, not harder.
You may be working harder, not smarter. But when you put it together, you get the job done.
It's time to be with Jesus. It's time for the church to really be sold out to Jesus and stop playing church.
It's time to wake up. And so, Father, we pray over his eyes, that those blinders are not in his eyes. Tonight as we close, we pray for wisdom and for concern.
And Iran, that they find this one weapon that you've showed me, this one thing the size of an atom—we take authority over and we pray tonight they find it, that we get rid of this enriched plutonium and uranium.
Yeah, plutonium or something else with it. Is that Superman?
I don't know; it's Kryptonite. You can tell you have your own magic, man, the headband on.
Jesus, what is it? Uranium? Plutonium? I don't know. Whatever makes a bomb, we thank you, Lord, that we're going to find it.
That's all that matters. We thank you, Lord, that we're going to find this plutonium.
Okay, well, whatever it is, we're going to find it and we're going to dispose of it.
And we thank you, Lord, that it will come to pass, that this will be over and a great revival is coming to Iran.
Somebody said, 'That's Back to the Future.'It is! Back to the Future.
There you go, Marty McFly. Hello, McFly! Okay, we've got to be serious. We've got to close this.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're uncovering and you're going to find all of it in these mountains and that it's exposed.
And, Father, it will not cause weapons of mass destruction on anybody.
We pray over Israel. We pray over the peace of our services over this next week.
We thank you, Lord, for an uncovering and unveiling of the darkness in our land, Father, concerning Easter, Good Friday services, Passover, and over this time of celebration for the holiday—Easter egg hunts and all this.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there will be no mass shootings, no destruction.
And we thank you, Lord, we call forth rain in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We call five inches of rain over Oklahoma in the name of Jesus.
And over Texas and over Kansas, over the area, we call a breaking of the drought. We call forth rain in Jesus'name.
Father, we call a low-pressure system to come forth and stall and be rain after rain after rain after rain, that we would fill our ponds, our streams, our rivers, and our lakes, and we will not have drought.
We come against drought in Jesus'name. We call the rain to come forth in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we use our power and authority over the weather and we say, 'Thank you, Lord, that you're bringing it to pass at last, and we will have a good drink of rain in Jesus'name for our birds, our plants, and everything.'Thank you, Lord, that you're causing it to come forth.
We thank you, Lord. We give you praise, Lord, for everything we pray tonight and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise as we close tonight.
We're so thankful that we have breakthrough and what we're believing for in Jesus'name, and greater things you have in store for us to walk in victory in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everyone say, 'Amen and Amen.'Well, we just want to tell you thank you for coming out tonight.
I know it went a little longer, but we're so grateful for every single one of you that have prayed.
We have 8,200 people here—all 8,200 people that are praying with us.
Thank you for being here, thank you for coming out and praying for our president, praying for the nations.
We believe the best is yet to come for the church and we are going to have good days of heaven on earth. Do you believe that heaven and earth are colliding?
I'm telling you, we're going to see the signs and the wonders that follow them that believe in these last days.
I believe it. Do you believe it? You've got to be a believing believer.
Don't be a doubter. It's time you got to shake off that doubt.
Whenever the devil tries to come as a roaring lion, you say, 'I'm not going to take what you're saying.
I doubt your doubt, devil. I stand against you in the mighty name of Jesus.
Get out of here!'So thank you for supporting us with the likes, subscribes, and clicking the notification bell.
You can find us on other platforms: Instagram, Facebook, X, and TikTok.
The links are in the description. There are a lot of imitators and copycats, a lot of haters.
Just know that you can go to our channels only in the description down below as Braden translates these in all seven different languages.
We're so thankful for every single one of you. We love you. Isn't that wonderful?
I feel breakthrough. We had good prayer tonight. I'm thankful.
Thank you for joining me tonight, love. I like it when you're here with me.
She got me this new ring; it's supposed to tell me all kinds of things.
I'm trying to get this weight off, and she said, 'I think this would be fun.'It counts my steps, how far I walk, intensity, and everything.
So I think it's neat. I'm trying to walk 10,000 steps a day. I'm like, goodness gracious, I've got to get off a lot more weight.
But we're on the road to it in Jesus'name. By the time summer comes, I want to be healthy in my body—more healthy.
That's my goal: to keep getting healthy for Jesus, to live long and finish strong, because he has much work for us to do.
And I don't want to be breathing hard when I'm praying for people in a healing line.
You're laying hands on people and you're about ready to pass out because you need healing yourself because you're so obese. That's not me.
I said, 'Man, we've got to raise the dead, and after you pray for 100 people and you're breathing real hard, you've got to get ahold of the flesh.'I think you look fantastic.
Well, I'm going to get as little as a rail, that you're going to call me beanpole by the time it's over. No, I'm teasing.
I'm going to say, 'I'm healthy in my body.'That's all that matters, as long as I am able to do what God has called me to do.
We love you all. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Probably more than likely tomorrow. We will be here tomorrow.
Billy Burke didn't call me yesterday. That's why Have we talked real late.
I love it when he calls because I get good counsel from him. He is my friend, and I'm so thankful.
We talked for over two hours, and I told him, 'I guess I'm not doing a livestream tonight.'That's good, though, because I don't take those times for granted.
I'm so thankful. It's very valuable. Learn from your elders, so God bless them.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you. Bye-bye.